[player]
default_player_rank: true
power: 1
ftbutilities.back.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.back.back: true
ftbutilities.back.home: true
ftbutilities.back.infinite: true
ftbutilities.back.respawn: true
ftbutilities.back.rtp: true
ftbutilities.back.spawn: true
ftbutilities.back.tpa: true
ftbutilities.back.warmup: 0s
ftbutilities.back.warp: true
ftbutilities.homes.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.homes.warmup: 0s
ftbutilities.rtp.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.rtp.warmup: 0s
ftbutilities.spawn.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.spawn.warmup: 0s
ftbutilities.tpa.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.tpa.warmup: 0s
ftbutilities.warps.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.warps.warmup: 0s
[admin]
parent: player
default_op_rank: true
power: 100
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: <&2{name}&r>
